"# CPSC454_MusicStreaming" 


# How to run

Make a virtual enviroment and install requirements. 

You can use the command: 

`python -m venv .venv` 

run the env and download requirements using 

windows: 

`pip install -r requirements.txt` 

run server using: 

`python manage.py runserver`
make sure youre in the betterTitanRadio directory

# How we will work through this on github


## Branches
Main - Will be production ready code, do not push directly into this. Squash merge into this
Dev - Dev code that we will pull from when we decide to work on a feature. 
dev-feature - Variable branch that we will make depending on what feature we're working on. Pull from Dev branch before working on this

If this is wrong, feel free to talk about changing it!



# Files generated by django (replace mysite with betterTitanRadio)

manage.py: A command-line utility that lets you interact with this Django project in various ways. You can read all the details about manage.py in django-admin and manage.py.

mysite/: A directory that is the actual Python package for your project. Its name is the Python package name you’ll need to use to import anything inside it (e.g. mysite.urls).

mysite/__init__.py: An empty file that tells Python that this directory should be considered a Python package. If you’re a Python beginner, read more about packages in the official Python docs.

mysite/settings.py: Settings/configuration for this Django project. Django settings will tell you all about how settings work.

mysite/urls.py: The URL declarations for this Django project; a “table of contents” of your Django-powered site. You can read more about URLs in URL dispatcher.

mysite/asgi.py: An entry-point for ASGI-compatible web servers to serve your project. See How to deploy with ASGI for more details.

mysite/wsgi.py: An entry-point for WSGI-compatible web servers to serve your project. See How to deploy with WSGI for more details.